I.  Normal intro, confirm you are speaking with the person responsible for payment.
  a. Voicemail/Message
          1. Personal VM: leave details surrounding past due balance amount and due date
          2. General VM/Message with Receptionist: advise we are calling about open/unpaid invoices and need a call back by end of week. 

II. We have been reaching out for the past few weeks regarding unpaid invoices. I have been sending emails/faxes to {insert email address/fax number here}. Is this the best email/fax to send to? Have you been receiving your statements? (review Billtrust for delivery method and SmartTrak)
  a. Update if necessary

III.  The total overdue is $XX,XXX.XX. How would you like to process payment for that today?
  a. Customer advises they can pay full amount
        1. Process payment via preferred method (cc or check)
  b. Customer advises they can’t pay in full today, but can pay something
        1. Ask ‘how much CAN you pay toward the balance today?’
        2. Try for half now, half in a week or two, at least clearing the oldest month in full
        3. Potentially discuss payment plan options at this time
     c.Customer advises that they are unable to commit to any payment today
        1. Ask when they can make a payment, try to set it up for you to process it in the next week or so

IV.   Overcome Objections
    a.  “The account is significantly past due, it’s important that we see a payment on the account today/in the near future”
    b.  Avoid yes/no questions, try to get as much information from the customer as possible. Who, What, Where, When, How much, Why?
    c.  For customer that wants to send in a check, advise that you can process and save them the postage. 
         1.  If check information is unavailable (customer doesn’t have it with them, not saved in Billtrust), you can look in Wells Fargo CEO for copy of check previously sent check and process from routing/account number

V.   Verbally Abusive Customers
    a. Advise the customer that if they continue to speak to you in that manner you will need to disconnect the call.
    b. If they continue to berate and/or verbally abuse you, let them know that you no longer feel the call is productive and will call them back tomorrow/Tuesday/etc.
